
 
I have not flown this Seneca V model in months due to the original ugly issues with the ILS. That seems to be working now after a few MSFS updates. I cannot get the weather radar to work: the radar is on but does not show anything even if I am flying in bad weather. I can't remember if Asobo is still working on implementing the weather radar functionality... was this fixed by Asobo? thanks.
 
I haven't flown it in a while, but initially it did show the precipitation perfectly - I specifically tested it on many occasions, as people said there was no weather radar implementation in MSFS, which confused me.
I understand some developers don't want to implement weather radar until Asobo develop the SDK better, but it certainly worked in the Seneca on release.
So is this now broken? I am assuming you know it doesn't show clouds, right? But just precipitation, like in some real life weather radars.
 
**DOWNLOAD ✔ [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0S4z](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0S4z)**


 
I just did a great little flight in the Carenado Seneca (I forgot just how good it was) and sure enough, when I set the weather to show some showers, the precipitation showed perfectly on the radar. 
The brightness and range controls also work perfectly, but not the elevation setting (which I think @SierraHotel is talking about).
 
So basically it shows a horizontal slice of the precipitation at your altitude. It works well enough that I was able to fly into the voids and the rain stopped, whilst I was getting hammered in the yellow areas displayed on the radar.
Like I say, the radar only shows the various levels of precipitation, not the clouds themselves, and this is where some people get confused.
 
The weather radar used to be the wrong way around and show the clouds and not the rain, but more than a year ago, Asobo did some work on this so that Carenado could display precipitation properly on their screens. This seems to have passed some people by.
 
For me, this shows the precipitation and related poor visibility areas in the rain, and it works perfectly. Easily good enough to navigate around the precipitation areas or wait for it to clear on an airport approach.
As you fly into the various coloured areas on the radar, you have the rain pelting on the aircraft, the bit of extra turbulence, and suffer the reduced visibility of trying to look through the rain showers below the clouds themselves, which I believe is the point of the radar display.
 
Please do not use the panel.cfg after updating to SU10 until I have updated it, otherwise the Garmin instruments and the weather radar will all be switched off without being able to switch them on and use them. Please do not use this mod until I have updated it for the new SU10 sim update.
 
I have noticed that the glorious Carenado weather radar - currently the ONLY weather radar in the flightsim - has one visual bug. When setting to max range the range indicator 240.00 is cut off at the right edge of the screen.

In the summer of 2011, archaeologists conducted excavations at Seneca Village. The excavation was a long time in the making. Preliminary research on the site began over a decade ago. The study of historical maps, soils, and ground penetrating radar allowed us to pinpoint locations where it seemed possible that traces of the village might have survived. There were six areas identified. Once we had gathered this information, it took us more than five years to get permission to excavate, a negotiation which was ultimately successful only because of the skills and dedication of some of our Advisory Board members.
 
When we began fieldwork, our research questions focused on several different levels of inquiry. We wanted to 'ground truth' the radar and see the extent to which the GPR had been successful in identifying archaeological remains. If in fact we found archaeological remains related to Seneca Village, we were interested in determining their extent and excavating a sample of them so we could explore the material lives of the people who lived there. Finally, assuming we recovered enough material, we were interested in exploring what it meant to be a member of the black middle-class in New York in the 19th century. We looked forward to comparing our finds with those from other contemporary middle-class African-American communities throughout the United States as well as with middle-class Euro-American sites in New York.
 
We received an REU grant from the National Science Foundation (#1062796), which supported the interns who worked with us throughout the field and preliminary laboratory phases of the project. We also received support from National Geographic, the Durst Foundation, the Friends of Cornell Edwards, and the Gilder Foundation.
 
Our eight week field program started in early June, 2011. We proceeded systematically, from area to area, and evaluated whether the features that the GPR had identified were relevant to the history of Seneca Village. The excavations were extremely successful. Although as expected some of the features pinpointed did not relate to the Village, we discovered two features that were very important. One was the foundation walls and cellar deposits of the home of William Godfrey Wilson, a porter and sexton of one of the village churches, and his wife, Charlotte, and their eight children. These deposits contain both architectural and domestic materials which will allow us to explore the lives of the Wilson family. Particularly evocative finds included a child's shoe, a roasting pan, and a tea kettle. The other feature was made up of the deposits from a buried ground surface behind two houses in another part of the village. We are looking forward to using the data from this feature to reconstruct the environment in this part of the site as well as the ways of life of the people who lived there. Thus, we expect to address all of our research issues.
 
The research focus of the Seneca Village project concerns the identity of its residents. Archaeologists have begun to consider the lives of middle class African Americans, focusing on the ways their consumption of material culture expressed class and racial identities. Historian Leslie Alexander believes that Seneca Village not only provided a respite from discrimination in the city, but also embodied ideas about African pride and racial consciousness. We are exploring this issue of "African" and "American" identities in the material culture from the excavations and comparing it that of other Black and White middle-class communities.
 
Most Americans underestimate the presence and significance of enslaved and free Blacks in the north. They are also unaware of the existence of middle-class African Americans. This project challenges these stereotypes by calling attention to the presence of a Black middle-class community in the heart of New York City, in Central Park, an iconic landmark.
 
The Seneca Village Project, directed by Cynthia Copeland, Nan Rothschild, and Diana Wall was formed in 1998. They and Associate Directors Meredith Linn and Herbert Seignoret have been working with an Advisory Committee of scholars and community members to assess and better understand what traces of the settlement remain. As part of this effort, archaeological excavations were conducted at the site in 2011 by the Seneca Village Project. The fieldwork was directed by Nan Rothschild and Diana Wall with field supervisors Meredith Linn and Jenna Coplin and a team of undergraduate students. The goals of the 2011 project were two-fold: to test the results of a ground-penetrating radar survey and to sample the material culture of Seneca Village. The 8-week excavation period unearthed the stone foundation of the Charlotte and William Godfrey Wilson house, the original ground surface that Seneca Villagers walked upon, and a house-yard shared by the Webster and Philips families who were neighbors. The archaeological collection is now housed at the NYC Archaeological Repository. The final archaeological report that discusses that fieldwork may be found here.
 
This action arises out of a mid-air collision between two aircraft over Denver, Colorado. Plaintiffs' aircraft, a twin-engine Piper Seneca, N-774, was struck by a single engine Beech Bonanza, N-27R. All four occupants of the Bonanza died when it crashed into the Crown Hill Cemetery. The pilot and student-pilot aboard the Seneca received only minor injuries after ditching their disabled aircraft in Sloans Lake.
 
The collision occurred in clear weather, at approximately 9:36 A.M. on June 21, 1974. The Seneca, owned and operated by Colorado Flying Academy, was being flown on an instrument procedures training flight, utilizing the radar and instrument approach facilities operated by defendant at Stapleton International Airport, Denver. At the time of the collision, the Seneca was under the control of a radar approach controller, employed by the Federal Aviation Administration in the air traffic control facility at the Stapleton control tower. The Bonanza, being flown by the owner, a resident of Arizona, was operating under visual flight rules, and had nearly reached its destination airport at Boulder, Colorado, after departing Williams, Arizona, earlier in the day.
 
2. The defendant generally denies the allegations of plaintiffs and asserts that plaintiffs fail to state a claim upon which relief can be granted and that as to at least part of plaintiffs' claims the court is without jurisdiction pursuant to the discretionary function and misrepresentation exceptions of the Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U.S.C. 2680(a) and (h), particularly with regard to the allegations concerning the establishment and design of the Denver TCA, the establishment of the ILS BC 8R approach to Stapleton Airport, and the issuance of Type Certificates. Defendant further asserts that plaintiffs are not the real parties in interest; that pla