As part of this process, a virtual consultation was held in January 2024 with an interdisciplinary group of participants. The purpose of the virtual consultation was to discuss the diverse perspectives on issues related to human genome data access and sharing; discuss how a global set of principles from WHO may enable data access and sharing; and propose initial principles. The next stage of this process is an in-person meeting on 4 & 5 of March to further develop this work, before an anticipated public consultation later in 2024.
 
**DOWNLOAD ⇔ [https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0RXI](https://ammetephy.blogspot.com/?d=2A0RXI)**


 
Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript.
 
The epicardium, the mesothelial envelope of the vertebrate heart, is the source of multiple cardiac cell lineages during embryonic development and provides signals that are essential to myocardial growth and repair. Here we generate self-organizing human pluripotent stem cell-derived epicardioids that display retinoic acid-dependent morphological, molecular and functional patterning of the epicardium and myocardium typical of the left ventricular wall. By combining lineage tracing, single-cell transcriptomics and chromatin accessibility profiling, we describe the specification and differentiation process of different cell lineages in epicardioids and draw comparisons to human fetal development at the transcriptional and morphological levels. We then use epicardioids to investigate the functional cross-talk between cardiac cell types, gaining new insights into the role of IGF2/IGF1R and NRP2 signaling in human cardiogenesis. Finally, we show that epicardioids mimic the multicellular pathogenesis of congenital or stress-induced hypertrophy and fibrotic remodeling. As such, epicardioids offer a unique testing ground of epicardial activity in heart development, disease and regeneration.

Pluripotent stem cell (PSC)-derived cardiac organoids have emerged as powerful in vitro models of human development and disease5,6, but none have yet demonstrated the spontaneous formation of a bona fide epicardial compartment. Here, we generated cardiac organoids showing self-organization of highly functional ventricular myocardium and epicardium, which we called epicardioids. Time course single-cell genomics in epicardioids combined with lineage tracing revealed principles of human epicardial origin and biology, including the developmental trajectories of the epicardial lineage and the functional cross-talk with other cardiac cell types. In addition, we show that epicardioids represent an advanced system to model multicellular mechanisms of heart disease.
 
Differences in shape and size quickly appeared between spheroids cultured with and without RA, with the latter growing significantly larger (Fig. 1a and Extended Data Fig. 1a,b). RA-treated spheroids also started spontaneously beating earlier than noRA spheroids (around days 8 and 12, respectively; Extended Data Fig. 1c and Supplementary Videos 1 and 2). Immunofluorescence analysis at day 15 of differentiation revealed that noRA spheroids were mainly composed of loosely organized CMs, marked by the sarcomeric protein cardiac troponin T (cTnT; Fig. 1b). By contrast, RA-treated spheroids consistently formed an inner core of densely packed CMs and a thick envelope containing cells expressing the epicardial markers WT1, TBX18, BNC1, ALDH1A2 and TCF21, leading us to name them epicardioids (Fig. 1b,c). This epicardial compartment, which was maintained over several weeks, consisted of an outer epithelial layer (KRT18 and TJP1) and subjacent vimentin-positive mesenchymal cells, matching the multilayered structure specific to the ventricular epicardium of early human embryos (Fig. 1d and Extended Data Fig. 1d)15. The presence of cells expressing the EMT marker TWIST1 in the subepicardial space supported the derivation of EPDCs from mesothelial epicardium (Fig. 1e). Mesenchymal cells interspersed among CMs further suggested migration of EPDCs into the myocardium after EMT (Extended Data Fig. 1e). Having observed poor endothelial contribution, we complemented the maintenance medium with the angiogenic factor vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), which was sufficient to obtain vessel-like structures positive for CD31 and vascular endothelial cadherin (CDH5; Extended Data Fig. 1f).
 
A major step of ventricular morphogenesis is the formation of a subepicardial compact myocardium layer that is molecularly and functionally distinct from the trabecular myocardium facing the ventricular lumen. This organization is already clearly visible at 6 weeks after conception in human embryos (Fig. 2a). In epicardioids, we noted the presence of an approximately 50-m-wide zone of increased CM density underneath the epicardium from day 15, with a mean density ratio of 1.49 between this outer layer and the inner myocardium (IM; Fig. 2b,c). This was not observed in spheroids differentiated without RA, which had a mean density ratio of 1.02 (Fig. 2b,c). In our scRNA-seq dataset, opposing gradients in the expression levels of genes enriched in human compact (*FTH1*, *FTL* and *CRYAB*) and trabecular (*COL2A1*, *TTN* and *MALAT1*) myocardium also suggested a molecular patterning of vCMs in epicardioids, which was supported by correlation analysis with compact and trabecular cells from human embryos18 (Fig. 2d,e).
 
Animal models have shown that the epicardium is formed by cells of the proepicardium, a transient structure located at the venous pole of the looping-stage heart, but the ontogeny of proepicardial precursors is still unclear, and even less is known about their human counterparts. Building on earlier work of Lescroart et al., who first uncovered a developmental relationship between the myocardium and the epicardium at gastrulation43, two studies have recently identified a common progenitor pool of the two lineages located at the rostral border of the cardiac crescent in the mouse44,45. Tyser et al. coined the term JCF and showed that JCF cells characterized by *Mab21l2* expression give rise to both epicardial cells and CMs44. In parallel, Zhang et al. identified an equivalent *Hand1*+ progenitor population and confirmed by clonal lineage tracing that at least some of these cells are bipotent for epicardium and myocardium45. Both groups concluded that the JCF likely represents a previously unrecognized subset of the FHF, which mainly produces CMs of the left ventricle in the mouse, but it is not known if this population exists in humans.
 
Beyond their embryonic origin, there are still many open questions concerning the molecular and functional heterogeneity of epicardial cells, which have important implications for epicardial reactivation as a potential therapeutic target51,52. Specifically, it is still unclear if mammalian epicardial cells can give rise to CMs and whether the lineage fate of EPDCs is predetermined at the (mesothelial) epicardial stage or if specification occurs after EMT22,23,25.
 
We then exploited our metacell dataset to investigate the timing of epicardial fate decisions. For this, we performed subclustering of the epicardial lineage at day 15 (differentially expressed genes (DEGs) listed in Supplementary Table 6) and analyzed cell trajectories using CellRank. We detected mesothelial cells (subcluster 0), EPDCs undergoing EMT (subclusters 3, 5 and 7) and EPDCs differentiating into fibroblasts (subcluster 2), mural cells (subcluster 6) or CMs (subcluster 4) as well as proliferative cells (subcluster 1; Fig. 5c,d and Extended Data Fig. 9d). The transition probabilities to each differentiated cell type were balanced among mesothelial cells, suggesting that their fate was not determined before EMT (Fig. 5e,f). EPDCs in subclusters 7 and 5 also appeared to hold trilineage potential, while EPDCs in subcluster 3 were committed toward mural and, to a lesser extent, myocytic differentiation (Fig. 5f). Assessing chromatin accessibility patterns along epicardial differentiation paths showed that the gene activity for CM, fibroblast and mural lineage markers was highest at the end of each respective trajectory, but, importantly, there was also a peak of gene activity for competing lineage markers during and shortly after EMT, suggesting a highly plastic state of EPDCs (Fig. 5g and Extended Data Fig. 9e). Overall, our data do not support the existence of discrete subsets of embryonic epicardial cells restricted to a single lineage before EMT but rather advocate a model of dynamic fate specification over time.
 
We have established human epicardioids showing RA-dependent self-organization of ventricular myocardium and epicardium (Extended Data Fig. 10). Epicardioids recapitulate the two major functions of the embryonic epicardium: (1) being the source of progenitors of several cardiac lineages and (2) providing a paracrine milieu driving myocardial compaction and maturation. The latter appears to be key in achieving a high degree of morphological, molecular and functional self-patterning of the myocardium, which has so far been lacking in cardiac organoid models5,6. This allowed us to demonstrate that epicardial secretion of IGF2 promotes human myocardial compaction as it does in the mouse3,33,36.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
